Explantion about 'outdated from recipe' in FAQ (#963)
conan-io/docs: faq/using.rst

channel for release candidates, maybe ``experimental`` for those kind of features, or even ``qa``/``testing`` before the library is checked
by QA department or testers.

What does "outdated from recipe" mean exactly?
----------------------------------------------

In some output or commands there are references to "outdated" or "outdated from recipe". For example, there is a flag :command:`--outdated`
in :command:`conan search` and :command:`conan remove` to filter by outdated packages.

When packages are created, Conan stores some metadata of the package such as the settings, the final resolution of the dependencies... and
it also saves the recipe hash of the recipe contents they were generated with. This way Conan is able to know the real relation between a
recipe and a package.

Basically outdated packages appear when you modify a recipe and export and/or upload it, without re-building binary packages with it. This
information is displayed in yellow with:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conan search Pkg/0.1@user/channel --table=file.html
    # open file.html
    # It will show outdated binaries in yellow.

> This information is important to know if the packages are up to date with the recipe or even if the package are still "accessible" from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This information is important to know if the packages are up to date with the recipe or even if the packages are still "accessible" from the
```

recipe. That means: if the recipe has completely removed an option (it could be a setting or a requirement) but there are old packages

> that were generated previously with that option, that package will be impossible to install as the package ID is calculated from the recipe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 that were generated previously with that option, those packages will be impossible to install as their package ID are calculated from the recipe
```
